Ava Valente - Pac-Man Requirements
In this file I have 10 requirements for the happy path, 10 functional requirements, and then 7 unhappy path requirements. 
There could be more requirements, but these are the ones I came up with and came to class with.

Happy Path
1.	Start from main menu
2.	Maze loads with pellets placed in specific positions
3.	The player controls the character with directions (arrow keys)
4.	The character moves through the maze paths with no issue
5.	The character collects the pellets by moving over them
6.	Score increases when pellets are collected
7.	Enemy characters surround the maze following specific movement rules
8.	If the player collects all pellets, the level is complete
9.	The next level loads with an increased difficulty
10.	The game continues until the player loses all lives
Functional Requirements
1.	The game should allow the player to control a character using directions (arrow keys)
2.	The game should restrict character movement to valid paths within the maze (no walking through walls)
3.	The game should place pellets throughout the maze at the start of the level
4.	The game should increase the player’s score when a pellet is collected
5.	The game should include enemy characters that move independently 
6.	The game should detect collisions between the player and enemies
7.	The game should reduce the player’s life count when an enemy collision occurs 
8.	The game should end when the player has no remaining lives
9.	The game should detect when all pellets are collected
10.	The game should transition to a new level when all pellets are collected
Unhappy Paths
1.	If the player attempts to move into a wall, the character should stop
2.	If the player provides no input, the character should continue moving in the current direction
3.	If the player loses a life, the game should reset the player and enemies to their starting positions
4.	If the player loses a life while no pellets are collected, the pellets should remain unchanged
5.	If multiple collisions occur at the same time, only one life shall be deducted
6.	If the player pauses the game, all movement and timers should stop
7.	If the game is restarted, the score and lives should reset to default values

